added doc for permeability (#67)
cheminfo/eln-docs: docs/includes/multi_value_graph/README.md

:::tip Plot multiple y variables

<details>
    <summary>
    You can superimpose multiple curve on the same plot.
    </summary>
    <div>

> This tool allows you to visualize multiple entrees on the same graph. For example, the permeability of methane, nitrogen and oxygen can be visualize at the same time. You can select, in the `y axis` menu, the variables that you want to see. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool allows you to visualize multiple entries on the same graph. For example, the permeability of methane, nitrogen, and oxygen can be visualized simultaneously. You can select, in the `y axis` menu, the variables that you want to see. 
```

![](multi_val.gif)

> Every curve will be plotted with a different color and you can zoom in by selecting the area that you want, and zoom out by double clocking on the graph. Additionally, you can hide and show curves by clicking on the corresponding eye at the bottom of the graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
Every curve will be plotted with a different color, and you can zoom in by selecting the area you want and zoom out by double-clicking on the graph. Additionally, you can hide and show curves by clicking on the corresponding eye at the bottom of the graph.
```
